README.md, before:

<!---
  ~ //******************************************************************
  ~ //
  ~ // Copyright 2018 DEKRA Testing and Certification, S.A.U. All Rights Reserved.
  ~ //
  ~ //******************************************************************
  ~ //
  ~ // Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ // you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ // You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~ //
  ~ //      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~ //
  ~ // Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ // distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ // WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ // See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ // limitations under the License.
  ~ //
  ~ //******************************************************************
  --->
# Onboarding Tool and Generic Client: Linux App
  
## Overview

## Project Setup
### IoTivity-lite API
To import the IoTivity-lite API Binary into the OTGC Linux App project:

1. Create a new directory called `lib` in the project root.

2. Create a new directory called `jni` into &lt;otgc-linux>/lib

3. Copy **iotivity.jar** into &lt;otgc-linux>/lib.

4. Copy **libiotivity-lite.so** into &lt;otgc-linux>/lib/jni

5. Add the following command, to link the previous libraries with iotivity.jar, in the run/debug configuration:
```
-Djava.library.path=<otgc-linux>/lib/jni
```



## Build
### IoTivity-lite Linux API

The steps required to build the binary of the IoTivity-lite Linux API are shown below:

1. Change to the swig branch.
```
git checkout swig
```
2. Go to the linux directory.
```
cd <iotivity-lite>/port/linux
```
3. Execute the command to build the library.
```
make DEBUG=1 SECURE=1 IPV4=1 TCP=0 PKI=1 DYNAMIC=1 CLOUD=0 JAVA=1 IDD=1
```

Once built, the library can be found at:
```
<iotivity-lite>/swig/iotivity-lite-java/libs
```

### OTGC

The steps to build the OTGC are shown below:

1. To build the project, execute the command:
```
mvn jfx:jar
```
2. When the project is built, go to the Debian directory
```
cd <otgc-linux>/build/debian
```
3. To create the Debian package, execute the command:
```
./otgc_native.sh <otgc-linux>/target/jfx/app
```

Once the Debian package is build, it can be found in:
```
<otgc-linux>/build/debian/out
```
 
## Testing
  
## Usage
### Debian package
The OTGC application requires the following packages:

- openjdk-8-jdk
- openjfx for Ubuntu 16
- openjfx=8u161-b12-1ubuntu2 libopenjfx-java=8u161-b12-1ubuntu2 libopenjfx-jni=8u161-b12-1ubuntu2 for Ubuntu 18

This packages can install through the next command:

    sudo apt-get install <package>
    
where package is the name of the package to install.

The installation of the OTGC won't be possible if the above packages are not installed. Once all dependencies are installed, to install the debian package, use the next command:

    sudo dpkg -i otgc-<version>.deb

where version is the target version of the package to install (e.g. 1.0.0).



To run the application when it has been installed:
1.  Click on the menu icon.
2.  Search OTGC in search box.
3.  Click on OTGC application.

The OTGC application will start in a few seconds.

To uninstall the aplication, use the next command:

    sudo dpkg -r otgc
  
## License

This library is released under Apache 2.0 license (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt).

Please see the file 'LICENSE.md' in the root folder for further information.

Commit message:

Update patch to delete credential by credid and include in the Readme

README.md, after:

<!---
  ~ //******************************************************************
  ~ //
  ~ // Copyright 2018 DEKRA Testing and Certification, S.A.U. All Rights Reserved.
  ~ //
  ~ //******************************************************************
  ~ //
  ~ // Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  ~ // you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  ~ // You may obtain a copy of the License at
  ~ //
  ~ //      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
  ~ //
  ~ // Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  ~ // distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  ~ // WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  ~ // See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  ~ // limitations under the License.
  ~ //
  ~ //******************************************************************
  --->
# Onboarding Tool and Generic Client: Linux App
  
## Overview

## Project Setup
### IoTivity-lite API
To import the IoTivity-lite API Binary into the OTGC Linux App project:

1. Create a new directory called `lib` in the project root.

2. Create a new directory called `jni` into &lt;otgc-linux>/lib

3. Copy **iotivity.jar** into &lt;otgc-linux>/lib.

4. Copy **libiotivity-lite.so** into &lt;otgc-linux>/lib/jni

5. Add the following command, to link the previous libraries with iotivity.jar, in the run/debug configuration:
```
-Djava.library.path=<otgc-linux>/lib/jni
```



## Build
### IoTivity-lite Linux API

The steps required to build the binary of the IoTivity-lite Linux API are shown below:

1. Change to the swig branch.
```
git checkout swig
```
2. Apply the patch of the OTGC in IoTivity-lite
```
git apply <otgc-linux>/extlibs/patchs/remove_cred_by_credid.patch
```
3. Go to the linux directory.
```
cd <iotivity-lite>/port/linux
```
4. Execute the command to build the library.
```
make DEBUG=1 SECURE=1 IPV4=1 TCP=0 PKI=1 DYNAMIC=1 CLOUD=0 JAVA=1 IDD=1
```

Once built, the library can be found at:
```
<iotivity-lite>/swig/iotivity-lite-java/libs
```

### OTGC

The steps to build the OTGC are shown below:

1. To build the project, execute the command:
```
mvn jfx:jar
```
2. When the project is built, go to the Debian directory
```
cd <otgc-linux>/build/debian
```
3. To create the Debian package, execute the command:
```
./otgc_native.sh <otgc-linux>/target/jfx/app
```

Once the Debian package is build, it can be found in:
```
<otgc-linux>/build/debian/out
```
 
## Testing
  
## Usage
### Debian package
The OTGC application requires the following packages:

- openjdk-8-jdk
- openjfx for Ubuntu 16
- openjfx=8u161-b12-1ubuntu2 libopenjfx-java=8u161-b12-1ubuntu2 libopenjfx-jni=8u161-b12-1ubuntu2 for Ubuntu 18

This packages can install through the next command:

    sudo apt-get install <package>
    
where package is the name of the package to install.

The installation of the OTGC won't be possible if the above packages are not installed. Once all dependencies are installed, to install the debian package, use the next command:

    sudo dpkg -i otgc-<version>.deb

where version is the target version of the package to install (e.g. 1.0.0).



To run the application when it has been installed:
1.  Click on the menu icon.
2.  Search OTGC in search box.
3.  Click on OTGC application.

The OTGC application will start in a few seconds.

To uninstall the aplication, use the next command:

    sudo dpkg -r otgc
  
## License

This library is released under Apache 2.0 license (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt).

Please see the file 'LICENSE.md' in the root folder for further information.
